- expression
	- A non-empty sequence of literals, variables, operators, and function calls that calculates a value
- The process of executing an expression is called **evaluation**, and the resulting value produced is called the **result** of the expression (also sometimes called the **return value**)

```cpp
# different expressions
2               // 2 is a literal that evaluates to value 2
"Hello world!"  // "Hello world!" is a literal that evaluates to text "Hello world!"
x               // x is a variable that evaluates to the value held by variable x
2 + 3           // operator+ uses operands 2 and 3 to evaluate to value 5
five()          // evaluates to the return value of function five()
```
- expressions evaluating to different things
	- literals evaluate to their own values
	- variables evaluate to the value of the variable
	- operators (such as `operator+`) use their operands to evaluate to some other value
	- function calls evaluate to whatever value the function returns
- expressions are in statements
- `type identifier { expression };`
```cpp
// 2 + 3 is an expression that has no semicolon -- the semicolon is at the end of the statement containing the expression
int x{ 2 + 3 }; 
```

### Expression statements
- a statement that consists of an expression followed by a semicolon
- Thus, we can take any expression (such as x = 5), and turn it into an expression statement (x = 5;) that will compile.
- When an expression is used in an expression statement, any result generated by the expression is discarded (because it is not used). For example, when the expression x = 5 evaluates, the return value of operator= is discarded. And that’s fine, because we just wanted to assign 5 to x anyway.
### Subexpressions, full expressions, and compound expressions
```cpp
2               // 2 is a literal that evaluates to value 2
2 + 3           // 2 + 3 uses operator + to evaluate to value 5
x = 4 + 5       // 4 + 5 evaluates to value 9, which is then assigned to variable x
```
- **subexpression** is an expression used as an operand.
	- the subexpressions of `x = 4 + 5` are `x` and `4 + 5`. The subexpressions of `4 + 5` are `4` and `5`.
- **full expression** is an expression that is not a subexpression. 
	- All three expressions above (`2`, `2 + 3`, and `x = 4 + 5`) are full expressions.
- In casual language, a **compound expression** is an expression that contains two or more uses of operators. 
	- `x = 4 + 5` is a compound expression because it contains two uses of operators (`operator=` and `operator+`). `2` and `2 + 3` are not compound expressions.